Add warning about build number, initialize to 5180 (#1395)
SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN: CMakeLists.txt

	set(BUILD_NUMBER "0")
endif()

if (BUILD_NUMBER LESS 5180)
	message(WARNING

> 		"Setting BUILD_NUMBER to the value less than 5180 will lose compatibility with "
> 		"SoftEtherVPN Stable Edition 4.x. Set to a value greater than or equal to 5180 "
> 		"if you are likely to connect from 4.x clients."
> 		"\nSee also: https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN/issues/1392#issuecomment-867348281")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Setting BUILD_NUMBER to a value less than 5180 will break compatibility with client binaries distributed by SoftEther Corporation.\n"
		"Set to a value greater than or equal to 5180 if you want such clients to work properly.\n"
		"For detailed info: https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN/issues/1392#issuecomment-867348281"
```

if (BUILD_NUMBER LESS 5180)
	message(WARNING
		"Setting BUILD_NUMBER to a value less than 5180 will break compatibility with client binaries distributed by SoftEther Corporation. "
		"Set to a value greater than or equal to 5180 if you want such clients to work properly.\n"

> 		"For detailed info: https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN/issues/1392#issuecomment-867348281")

Reviewer: Sorry, my fault.
